hello every plot science ain't some jack
boy here bringing you guys a very
special borderlands 1 video and today
i'm gonna be showcasing another custom
item for you guys this one is really
really awesome now you guys might know
mr. Grimmjow he's one of the custom
content creators for Borderlands 1 and
just recently I think what a few days
ago he released his second item pack and
if you guys are a little bit confused
there will be a link in the description
and as an annotation you can go check
out my video on you know his custom
items and his custom gear for
Borderlands 1 and what I think is really
cool about this this new pack is that
all the custom items in it are grenade
mods and one of the grenade mods is the
one you're seeing on the screen and that
is why I'm covering in this video but
this isn't just any grenade mod this is
actually one that mr. Grimmjow made for
me and you know I've got to thank him a
lot because this thing is an absolute
beast and I did help in creating this I
actually did some custom dialog for this
item as you can see the red text red
text says handsome Jack sends his
regards just with that red text alone it
should be obvious what kind of custom
dialog I did for this item hey Joe does
the grab thing you work with the grenade
thingy yet why in the hell are you
ditching me man do you realize what
you've just done oh yeah who's got the
air that's right me oh my gosh it's so
hilarious I'm just gonna yeah once you
equip the item you will hear my
beautiful voice and once you I guess
drop the item you'll hear my voice and I
have just different dialogue for when
you equip and when you unequip it and
yeah it was a lot of fun doing that
dialogue I might not sound just like
Jack obviously but I think I sound
pretty similar to Jack I mean I've done
voice impressions of him on my channel
before but yeah anyways if you guys are
interested in downloading this there
will be a link in the description below
that takes you to mr. grim jaws custom
weapons and items thread on the gearbox
forums there you you
pretty much we'll find everything you
need and like I said there will be a
link in the description below that takes
you to my video on on his custom weapons
and items if you want to check that out
as well
just so you can see a little bit of
gameplay on how it all works but I think
this is for PC only I don't think this
will work on consoles which kind of
sucks if you ask me but anyways let's
get right into the footage so you guys
are probably wondering what does this
grenade mod do what's so special about
it apart from well playing custom
dialogue and that's a good question once
you throw the grenade mod out it will
create an antigravity field which sounds
pretty badass right it is it's really
badass and anything caught within this
anti-gravity field well yeah pretty much
float away as you can see here in this
footage now this doesn't affect every
single enemy in Borderlands 1 only
certain enemy types will be affected by
this anti-gravity field they will still
be stunned but they won't float away and
make it really easy for you to shoot
them and and stuff like that only
certain enemy types and by that I mean
enemies that don't weigh very much you
know like badass Skaggs and bigger
enemies like scag Zilla or RAC hive
won't really be affected by this
anti-gravity field apart from being
stunned and what I mean by stunned is
that anything affected by this grenade
mod will also not be able to shoot you
for a short time this is really really
awesome and slightly overpowered but
still really awesome it's really similar
to lilith days skill or there's a couple
other skills that kind of have the you
know similar ability where when you
shoot them they lose accuracy and they
slow down for a short period of time
kind of similar to that now as you can
see in this footage I just launched
myself up on this building and created
myself a vantage point with this with
this grenade mod the neutrino and I
think that's the first time actually
saying the name of this grenade mod
sorry mister games I should have said at
the beginning but yeah that's how you
pronounce it the neutrino I don't even
really get what that means but I'm
guessing it has something to do with low
gravity I think it's a beast name
anyways yeah I pretty much created
myself a vantage point you can launch
yourself really high up in the air if
you just throw it down in your feet
don't jump that will
block out the the effect but if you just
stand there you can launch yourself to
new heights but yeah guys I think
that'll pretty much wrap it up for this
video this is such an amazing item and
if you want to get your hands on this
thing remember there will be a link in
the description below it takes you to
mr. grim Joe's thread on the gearbox
forums like I said everything you need
will be there the neutrino comes with
the second item pack mr. grim jobs
newest creation and guys this thing's
first it really is I cannot wait to have
some serious fun with this item but yeah
once again that'll pretty much wrap it
up for this video I hope you enjoyed
this be sure to rate comment and
subscribe for more and I'm out of here
Bruce